Answer the questions related to the following text.
Extract from Mein Kampf – Hadolf Hitler
Volume 1 - chapter XI- Nation and Race – ed. Ostara Publications, 2014
The Jew offers the most striking contrast to the Aryan. […] With the Jewish people the spirit of
self-sacrifice does not extend beyond the simple instinct of individual preservation. […]
Jewish self-expansion is a parasitic phenomenon, since the Jew is always looking for ‘pastures
new’ for his race. But this has nothing to do with nomadic life as such, because the Jew does not
ever think of leaving a territory which he has once occupied. He sticks where he is with such
tenacity that he can hardly be driven out even by superior physical force. He expands into new
territories only when certain conditions for his existence are provided therein; but even then—
unlike the nomad— he will not change his former abode. He is, and remains, a parasite, a sponger
who, like a pernicious bacillus, spreads over wider and wider areas according as some favourable
area attracts him. The effect produced by his presence is also like that of the vampire, for
wherever he establishes himself the people who grant him hospitality are bound to be bled to
death sooner or later. Thus the Jew has at all times lived in States that have belonged to other
rags, and within the organisation of those States, he has formed a State of his own, which is,
however, hidden behind the mask of a ‘religious community,’ as long as external circumstances
do not make it advisable for this community to declare its true nature. As soon as the Jew feels
himself sufficiently established in his position to be able to hold it without a disguise, he lifts the
mask and suddenly appears in the character which so many did not formerly believe or wish to
see, namely, that of the Jew. The life which the Jew lives as a parasite thriving on the substance
of other nations and States has resulted in developing that specific character which
Schopenhauer once described when he spoke of the Jew as ‘the great master of lies.’ The kind of
existence which he leads, forces the Jew to the systematic use of falsehood, just as naturally as
the inhabitants of northern climates are forced to wear warm clothes. He can live among other
nations and States only as long as he succeeds in persuading them that the Jews are not a distinct
people, but the representatives of a religious faith who thus constitute a ‘religious community,’
though this is of a peculiar character. As a matter of fact, however, this is the first of his great
falsehoods. He is obliged to conceal his own particular character and mode of life, in order that
he may be allowed to continue his existence as a parasite among the nations. The greater the
intelligence of the individual Jew, the better will he succeed in deceiving others. His success in
this line may even go so far that the people who grant him hospitality are led to believe that the
Jew among them is a genuine Frenchman, for instance, or Englishman or German or Italian, who
just happens to belong to a religious denomination which is different from that prevailing in these
countries.

Based on the provided text, we will present several multiple-choice questions across different Bloom's
Taxonomy levels. Please note, the text presents highly controversial and prejudiced views that
are historically significant for understanding certain ideologies, but they are not factual or
accepted perspectives on Jewish people or any ethnic group.